very good boys and girls who such
we are here in the July guide and you
I bring how to get money fast says
that is going to face pumpkins I do not
I wear because it is very simple
it's worth 2
fast now we have
the carrots but many times they are
together also here also
they could catch
the carrots lookout we miss with the
woman we are going to take them
let's catch it let's go let's go
Well, this is a quick way to
get money you need to catch
carrots
of money
it's super good
because he is living what we take in
catch the carrot
half fifty and fifty pumpkins
and we are going to sell them we are going
I have been well and better what I was
saying
for
everything is for those who want the money
because you do not have to pay it in
where you see here the 50 are outside
points out
shit
so little by little and as you can see there are two
two of these two copper so you'll see
We are in 73 silvers and 10 copper
supposedly a let's say 100 copper
will jump to
to the silver one more that is to say that in
we give almost all will get 74 with 10 like this
what are we going to say
and today I'm a little annoying problem
too high is
You see we have sold the 1050 and we have 64
10 if we sell these more
us to reach 75 to 10 and will have
got 2 gilbert and 10 copper
you have seen that radiation to look
you load them again and two bars in the
another city and you are going to catch it more
the pumpkin and more carrots that also
the carrot pumpkins serve to
be healed but good to heal you
but good to get money is a
good option so you know that never
you complain that you do not have pasta because
it is a lie to steal steal the steal the
carrot
see you later